SPCTR-2981: Fix - Forms overall alignment having issues when three forms placed with different alignments. (#3272)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= x.x.x =

> * Fix: Forms: Resolved forms overall alignment having issues when three forms placed with different alignments not working as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Forms - Resolved an issue in which the overall alignment would not work as intended when three forms are placed with different alignments.
```
